{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Contents
\fs24 \
\
Folders\

\f1\b0 \ulnone 1. data_collected- All the data files collected through open exploration, sensitivity analysis and experimentation.\
\
2. files - All the data that was used for the input parameters. \
	a. Culture map diagrams from Erin Meyer\'92s Culture Mapping tool\
	b. StructuredData.xlsx - Main file of all the data\
\
3. report_images- All the images used in the report\'92s  open exploration, sensitivity analysis and report and experimentation.\
\
\

\f0\b \ul Python Files
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
1. calibration_platypus_opt:\
This files contains the code needed for the Parameter tuning. The most significant parameters are optimised based on the \
% committed, % set target and average time between commitment and set target desired outcomes.
\f0\b \ul \

\f1\b0 \ulnone \
2. CompanyAgent:\
One of the two main files that represent ABM model alongside SBTiModel (both versions). \
It was implemented based on the Conceptualisation and Formalisation chapter \
\
3.CompanyAgent_scenarios_set2:\
One of the two main files that represent ABM model alongside SBTiModel (both versions). \
It was implemented based on the Conceptualisation and Formalisation chapter.\
\
4. diagram_experiments - This file contains all the graphs and tables used in the Results and Experimentation Chapter.\
\
5. main_experiments:\
This file runs the SBTi model once and presents its results. Used mainly for fast and easy \
verification that model works as expected.\
\
6. main_scenarios_set2:\
This file runs the SBTi model once and presents its results. Used mainly for fast and easy \
verification that model works as expected. The extra part in this one is the failed companies data.\
\
\
7. open_exploration:\
This file includes the open exploration parts of the model. EMA Workbench library \
is imported to use Patient Rule Induction Method (PRIM) and Feature Scoring. This is\
discussed in Chapter 4: Verification, Sensitivity analysis and Parameter Setup.\
\
8. SBTiModel_main:\
SBTi Model presents the overall model. There are two versions of this due to the changes made \
to the code's mechanisms for the second set of scenarios. This is discussed in Experiments \
and Results Chapter.\
\
\
9. SBTiModel_scenarios_set2:\
SBTi Model presents the overall model. There are two versions of this due to the changes made \
to the code's mechanisms for the second set of scenarios. This is discussed in Experiments \
and Results Chapter.\
\
10. scenarios_multiprocessing_base_scenario:\
One of the three python files that focus on the experimentation of the thesis. \
This one presents the base scenario i.e. before the campaigns are implemented in 2020.\
The model is run for 60 steps with 2233 companies (total) 50 times and averages and stds \
are calculated.  Multiprocessing was used to reduce the time taken.\
\
\
11. scenarios_multiprocessing_scenarios_set1:\
One of the three python files that focus on the experimentation of the thesis. \
This one presents the first set of scenarios i.e. the scenarios influencingdirectly the\
pressures by multiplying their values by factors of 5 and 10. The model runs from 2015 \
until 2025 (108 steps) with 2233 companies (total) 50 times and averages and stds \
are calculated.  Multiprocessing was used to reduce the time taken.\
\
12. scenarios_multiprocessing_scenarios_set2:\
One of the three python files that focus on the experimentation of the thesis. \
This one presents the second set of scenarios i.e. the scenarios that affect the model's \
mechanisms. The model runs from 2015 until 2025 (108 steps) with 2233 companies (total) 50 times and averages and stds \
are calculated.  Multiprocessing was used to reduce the time taken.\
\
\
13. sensitivity_analysis_SOBOL:\
This file includes the global sensitivity analysis parts of the model. EMA Workbench library \
is imported to use SOBOL indices. This is discussed in Chapter 4: Verification, Sensitivity analysis and Parameter Setup.\
}